V12 ChangeLog (#4896)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/12.0.0.md

## 12.0.0

_Released 12/06/2022_

**Summary:** ...Notes below...

**Breaking Changes:**

> - Cypress dropped support for Node 12. Use Node 14, Node 16 or Node 18+.

Reviewer: Do we need to call out dropping support for Node 15, 17?

Author: good call 👍🏻

>   Addressed in [#24885](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24885).

Reviewer: The other entries are using `Addresses`
```suggestion
  Addresses [#24885](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24885).
```

Reviewer 2: I think the difference is this ones a PR. The issues are "Addresses" and the PRs are "Addressed in"

- The `Cookies.defaults` and `Cookies.preserveOnce` APIs have been removed. Use
  the new [`cy.session()`](/api/commands/session) command to preserve cookies
  between tests. Addresses
  [#21472](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21472).
- The `cy.server()` and `cy.route()` commands have been removed. Additionally,
  the corresponding `Cypress.Server.defaults` API has also been removed. Use the
  [`cy.intercept()`(/api/commands/intercept) command to stub network responses
  and requests. Addresses
  [#22126](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22126).

> - The Cookie commands now uses the `hostname` the as the domain by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Cookie commands now uses the `hostname` as the domain by default
```

> - The Cookie commands now uses the `hostname` the as the domain by default

Reviewer: Seems like we should call out the actual commands affected.

Reviewer: @emilyrohrbough, just want to make sure this doesn't get lost.

  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).

- Added a new Cypress command, called
  [`cy.clearAllLocalStorage()`](/api/commands/clearAllLocalStorage), to clear
  [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).

- Added a new Cypress command, called
  [`cy.getAllSessionStorage()`](/api/commands/getAllSessionStorage), to get
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).

- Added a new Cypress command, called
  [`cy.clearAllSessionStorage()`](/api/commands/clearAllSessionStorage), to
  clear
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).

- Added a new configuration option called `experimentalOriginDependencies`. This

>   option enables support using `require` and `import` with callback supplied to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  option enables support for using `require` and `import` within the callback supplied to
```

- Added a new Cypress command, called
  [`cy.getAllSessionStorage()`](/api/commands/getAllSessionStorage), to get
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).
- Added a new Cypress command, called
  [`cy.clearAllSessionStorage()`](/api/commands/clearAllSessionStorage), to
  clear
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).
- Added a new configuration option called `experimentalOriginDependencies`,
  which defaults to `false`. This option enables support using `require` and
  `import` with callback supplied to the [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin)
  command in end-to-end testing. Previously this feature was enabled through the
  `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` configuration option. This was added as a
  configuration option in v12.0, instead of being enabled by default, due to

>   increase node memory usage associated with this option that needs addressed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  increased node memory usage associated with this option that needs addressed
```

  before making this behavior generally available. Addressed in
  [#24931](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24931).

> - Added a new `Cypress.ensure` API which provided several methods that can be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Added a new `Cypress.ensure` API which provides several methods that can be
```

**Bugfixes:**

- Fix a regression in [10.11.0](#10-11-0) where the Launchpad no longer showed a
  loading spinner on startup to indicate that it has successfully started an was
  a loading state. Fixed
  [#24950](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24950).
- Fixed the "Create Spec from Component" capability to correctly scaffold the
  component spec from a component which contains special characters in its name.
  Before this change, it scaffolded spec with either the wrong spec name or the
  incorrect component import which lead to invalid JS errors. Fixes
  [#23492](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23492).
- Corrected Cypress environment variable resolution to correctly resolve
  environment variables set with `npm config set`. Fixes
  [#24556](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24556).
- Fixed the console output returned from clicking on an aliased intercept in the
  Command Log. It now logs the yielded request/response object associated to the
  intercepted call when clicked, where previously it did not log these details.
  Fixed in [#24623](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24623).

> - Added the missing Typescript types for the internal

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Added missing Typescript types for the internal
```

  [`cy.getCookie()`](/api/commands/getcookie), what cookies are set with
  [`cy.setCookie()`](/api/commands/setcookie), and the cookies cleared with
  [`cy.clearCookies()`](/api/commands/clearcookies). Addresses
  [#363](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/363),
  [#5723](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/5723) and
  [#24526](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24526)
- Cypress now throws an error if any Cypress commands are invoked from inside a
  [`.should()`](/api/commands/should) callback. This previously resulted in
  unusual and undefined behavior. Addresses
  [#5963](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/5963),
  [#14656](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/14656) and
  [#22587](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22587).

**Features:**

- Added a new configuration option called `testIsolation`, which defaults to
  `true`. This option determines whether or not
  [test isolation](/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Test-Isolation)
  is enabled to ensure a clean browser context between tests. Addressed in
  [#22230](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/22230).

> - The previously experimental Cypress command, called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The previously experimental Cypress command, 
```

  [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin), is now generally available in

>   end-to-end testing. This command allows testing multiple domains of different
>   origins in a single test. Addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  end-to-end testing. This command allows testing multiple origins in a single test. Addresses
```

Author: @mschile is this technically incorrect? If so, we need to update the splashscreen & will want to double-check Ely's blog post writeup for the release: https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24925/files#diff-e1690da5e8832a5783a622b238019fa8a00d03899e74bc558b08557ded5c4593R43

Reviewer: I'm trying to look at it more from a user perspective. Yes, we are adding support for 'multiple domains of different origins', but honestly, that feels difficult to read and understand. And technically, that's not even correct since `www.cypress.io` and `docs.cypress.io` are multiple domains of different origins.

  [#17336](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17336).

> - The previously experimental Cypress command, called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The previously experimental Cypress command, 
```

  [`cy.session()`](/api/commands/session), is now generally available. This
  command caches and restores `cookies`,
  [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage),
  and
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage)
  in order to recreate a consistent browser context between tests. Addresses
  [#20977](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/20977).

> - Added a new Cypress command, called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new Cypress command, 
```

  [`cy.getAllLocalStorage()`](/api/commands/getAllLocalStorage), to get
  [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).

> - Added a new Cypress command, called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new Cypress command, 
```

> - Added a new Cypress command, called

Reviewer: This appears to be a duplicate of the above item.

Author: oops!

  [`cy.getAllLocalStorage()`](/api/commands/getAllLocalStorage), to get
  [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).

> - Added a new Cypress command, called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new Cypress command, 
```

  [`cy.clearAllLocalStorage()`](/api/commands/clearAllLocalStorage), to clear
  [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).

> - Added a new Cypress command, called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new Cypress command, 
```

  [`cy.getAllSessionStorage()`](/api/commands/getAllSessionStorage), to get
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).

> - Added a new Cypress command, called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new Cypress command, 
```

  [`cy.clearAllSessionStorage()`](/api/commands/clearAllSessionStorage), to
  clear
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).
- Added a new configuration option called `experimentalOriginDependencies`,
  which defaults to `false`. This option enables support using `require` and
  `import` with callback supplied to the [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin)
  command in end-to-end testing. Previously this feature was enabled through the

>   `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` configuration option. This was added as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` configuration option. `experimentalOriginDependencies` was added as a
```

  configuration option in v12.0, instead of being enabled by default, due to
  increase node memory usage associated with this option that needs addressed

>   before making this behavior generally available. Addressed in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  before making this behavior generally available. See issue [#24976](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24976) for more information. Addressed in
```

  [#24931](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24931).
- Added a new `Cypress.ensure` API which provided several methods that can be

>   helpful when writing customs command and custom query commands. Addressed in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  helpful when writing custom commands. Addressed in
```

  [#24697](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24697).
- Added a new "Run All" button to the
  [`experimentalRunAllSpecs`](guides/references/experiments#End-to-End-Testing)
  experiment which enables running all spec files returned from the
  `specPattern` glob or an array of globs, regardless of the specs sharing a
  root folder. Addresses
  [#24759](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24759).
- Further improved bundling in the binary to reduce startup and unzip time.
  Addressed in [#24909](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24909)

**Bugfixes:**

> - Fix a regression in [10.11.0](#10-11-0) where the Launchpad no longer showed a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression in [10.11.0](#10-11-0) where the Launchpad no longer showed a
```

>   loading spinner on startup to indicate that it has successfully started an was

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  loading spinner on startup to indicate that it had successfully started and was
```

  a loading state. Fixed
  [#24950](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24950).
- Fixed the "Create Spec from Component" capability to correctly scaffold the
  component spec from a component which contains special characters in its name.

>   Before this change, it scaffolded spec with either the wrong spec name or the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Before this change, a spec was scaffolded with either the wrong spec name or the
```

## 12.0.0

_Released 12/06/2022_

> **Summary:**

Reviewer: In the 11.0 release, I just copied the splash screen verbiage to the summary here. I figured the splash screen really is a summary of the release.

The Session and Origin Experiment is now generally available for end-to-end
testing. This means Cypress now fully supports:

> - testing multiple domains of different origins in a single test with the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- testing multiple origins in a single test with the new
```

>   [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command.
```

- caching and restoring `cookies`,
  [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage),
  and
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage)
  between tests
- configuring
  [`testIsolation`](/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Test-Isolation)
  in suites to define whether or not the browser context is cleaned or persisted
  between tests

Additionally in this release, enhancements were made to how Cypress manages DOM
element resolution to reduce the likelihood of hitting the dreaded detached DOM
errors due to maintaining stale DOM references. We've updated our
[Retry-ability Guide](/guides/core-concepts/retry-ability) with all the details
if you'd like to learn more.

Read more about 12.0 in
[our blog post](https://cypress.io/blog/2022/12/06/cypress-12-release/).

**Breaking Changes:**

> - Cypress dropped support for Node.js 12, 15 and 17 because they these versions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Cypress dropped support for Node.js 12, 15 and 17 because these versions
```

  have reached end-of-life. Installing Cypress on your system now requires
  Node.js 14, 16 or 18+. Addressed in
  [#24885](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24885).

> - Cypress has always pushed for writing tests in a clean slate. In Cypress 12,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cypress has always recommended writing tests in a clean context. In Cypress 12,
```

  we enforce running tests in a clean browser context through the
  [test isolation](/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Test-Isolation).

>   This option is configurable, but is enabled by default behavior. Whether

Reviewer 2: "Whether enabled or disabled, this changes how Cypress previously cleaned up the browser context **before** each test and you may experience test errors with this upgrade."

>   enabled or disabled, this changes how Cypress previously cleaned up the

Author: ```suggestion
  enabled or disabled, this changed compared to how Cypress previously cleaned up the
```

>   browser context **before** each test compares to previous Cypress versions and

Author: ```suggestion
  browser context **before** each test and
```

  you may experience test errors with this upgrade. To better understand the
  full impact of this change, please review the
  [migration guide](/guides/references/migration-guide#test-isolation).
- The `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` configuration option has been removed and
  all functionality associated with this experiment is now enabled by default

>   now, with the exception of using `require` and `import` with callback supplied

Author: ```suggestion
 , with the exception of using `require` and `import` with callback supplied
```

>   now, with the exception of using `require` and `import` with callback supplied

Reviewer 2: "...this experiment is now enabled by default, with the exception..."

>   all functionality associated with this experiment is now enabled by default
>   now, with the exception of using `require` and `import` with callback supplied
>   to the [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command. To leverage external

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  all functionality associated with this experiment is now enabled by default 
  (with the exception of using `require` and `import` within the 
  [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) callback). To leverage
```

  dependencies in `cy.origin()` callbacks, set the new
  [`e2e.experimentalOriginDependencies`](guides/references/experiments#End-to-End-Testing)
  configuration option to `true`. Addresses
  [#21471](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21471).

>   - With the v12 release, the `testIsolation` configuration values from `on` or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - With the v12 release, the `testIsolation` configuration values have changed from `on` or
```

[Retry-ability Guide](/guides/core-concepts/retry-ability) with all the details
if you'd like to learn more.

Read more about 12.0 in
[our blog post](https://cypress.io/blog/2022/12/06/cypress-12-release/).

**Breaking Changes:**

- Cypress dropped support for Node.js 12, 15 and 17 because these versions have
  reached end-of-life. Installing Cypress on your system now requires Node.js
  14, 16 or 18+. Addressed in
  [#24885](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24885).
- Cypress has always recommended writing tests in a clean context. In Cypress
  12, we enforce running tests in a clean browser context through
  [test isolation](/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Test-Isolation).
  This option is configurable, but is enabled by default. Whether enabled or
  disabled, this changed compared to how Cypress previously cleaned up the
  browser context **before** each test and you may experience test errors with
  this upgrade. To better understand the full impact of this change, please
  review the
  [migration guide](/guides/references/migration-guide#test-isolation).
- The `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` configuration option has been removed and

>   all functionality associated with this experiment is now enabled by default ,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  all functionality associated with this experiment is now enabled by default,
```

  with the exception of using `require` and `import` with callback supplied to
  the [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command. To leverage external
  dependencies in `cy.origin()` callbacks, set the new
  [`e2e.experimentalOriginDependencies`](guides/references/experiments#End-to-End-Testing)
  configuration option to `true`. Addresses
  [#21471](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21471).

>   - With the v12 release, the `testIsolation` configuration values have changed

Reviewer: Maybe move this up with the other item about `testIsolation`.

>   - With the v12 release, the `testIsolation` configuration values have changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In Cypress 12, the `testIsolation` configuration values have changed
```

- The [`.within()`](/api/commands/within) command now requires a single subject
  and throws an error if given more than one subject. This change adds
  consistency around how `.within()` behaves across commands, since commands
  inside a within block would silently select the first element, while others
  would use all of them, and others would throw an error. Addressed in
  [#24975](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24975).
- Cypress now throws an error if any Cypress commands are invoked from inside a
  [`.should()`](/api/commands/should) callback. This previously resulted in
  unusual and undefined behavior. Addresses
  [#5963](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/5963),
  [#14656](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/14656) and
  [#22587](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22587).
- The [`.invoke()`](/api/commands/invoke) command now throws an error if the
  invoked function returns a promise. If you wish to call a method that returns
  a promise and wait for it to resolve, use [`.then()`](/api/commands/then)
  instead of `.invoke()`. Addressed in
  [#24417](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24417).

> - The [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request) command to uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request) command now uses
```

- Added a new Cypress command,
  [`cy.getAllSessionStorage()`](/api/commands/getAllSessionStorage), to get
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).
- Added a new Cypress command,
  [`cy.clearAllSessionStorage()`](/api/commands/clearAllSessionStorage), to
  clear
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage)
  data for all origins with which the test has interacted. Addresses
  [#24276](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24276).
- Added a new configuration option called
  [`experimentalOriginDependencies`](guides/references/experiments#End-to-End-Testing),
  which defaults to `false`. This option enables support for `require` and
  `import` within the callback supplied to the
  [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command in end-to-end testing.
  Previously this feature was enabled through the `experimentalSessionAndOrigin`
  configuration option. `experimentalOriginDependencies` was added as a

>   configuration option in v12.0, instead of being enabled by default, due to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  configuration option in Cypress 12, instead of being enabled by default, due to
```

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a regression in [10.11.0](#10-11-0) where the Launchpad no longer showed
  a loading spinner on startup to indicate that it had successfully started and
  was in a loading state. Fixed
  [#24950](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24950).
- Fixed the "Create Spec from Component" capability to correctly scaffold the
  component spec from a component which contains special characters in its name.
  Before this change, a spec was scaffolded with either the wrong spec name or
  the incorrect component import which lead to invalid JS errors. Fixes
  [#23492](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23492).
- Corrected Cypress environment variable resolution to correctly resolve
  environment variables set with `npm config set`. Fixes
  [#24556](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24556).
- When
  [`experimentalRunAllSpecs=true`](guides/references/experiments#End-to-End-Testing),
  the "Run N specs" directory-level buttons in the Inline Specs List now
  function correctly when activated by the keyboard. Fixes
  [#24762](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24762).

> - Fixed unexpected behaviors verify a cookie was not returned from not returned
>   from [`cy.getCookie()`](/api/commands/getcookie). Now its possible to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed unexpected behaviors when verifying a cookie was not returned
  from [`cy.getCookie()`](/api/commands/getcookie). Now it's possible to
```

## 12.0.0

_Released 12/06/2022_

**Summary:**

The Session and Origin Experiment is now generally available for end-to-end
testing. This means Cypress now fully supports:

> - testing multiple origins in a single test with the new
>   [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command.
> - caching and restoring `cookies`,
>   [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage),
>   and
>   [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage)
>   between tests
> - configuring
>   [`testIsolation`](/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Test-Isolation)
>   in suites to define whether or not the browser context is cleaned or persisted
>   between tests

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Testing multiple origins in a single test with the new
  [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command.
- Caching and restoring cookies,
  [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage),
  and
  [`sessionStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage)
  between tests
- Configuring
  [`testIsolation`](/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Test-Isolation)
  in suites to define whether or not the browser context is cleaned or persisted
  between tests
```

Additionally in this release, enhancements were made to how Cypress manages DOM
element resolution to reduce the likelihood of hitting the dreaded detached DOM
errors due to maintaining stale DOM references. We've updated our
[Retry-ability Guide](/guides/core-concepts/retry-ability) with all the details
if you'd like to learn more.

Read more about 12.0 in
[our blog post](https://cypress.io/blog/2022/12/06/cypress-12-release/).

**Breaking Changes:**

- Cypress dropped support for Node.js 12, 15 and 17 because these versions have
  reached end-of-life. Installing Cypress on your system now requires Node.js
  14, 16 or 18+. Addressed in
  [#24885](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24885).
- Cypress has always recommended writing tests in a clean context. In Cypress
  12, we enforce running tests in a clean browser context through
  [test isolation](/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Test-Isolation).
  This option is configurable, but is enabled by default. Whether enabled or

>   disabled, this changed compared to how Cypress previously cleaned up the
>   browser context **before** each test and you may experience test errors with

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  disabled, this changes how Cypress cleans up the
  browser context before each test and you may experience test errors with
```

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a regression in [10.11.0](#10-11-0) where the Launchpad no longer showed
  a loading spinner on startup to indicate that it had successfully started and
  was in a loading state. Fixed
  [#24950](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24950).
- Fixed the "Create Spec from Component" capability to correctly scaffold the
  component spec from a component which contains special characters in its name.
  Before this change, a spec was scaffolded with either the wrong spec name or
  the incorrect component import which lead to invalid JS errors. Fixes
  [#23492](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23492).
- Corrected Cypress environment variable resolution to correctly resolve
  environment variables set with `npm config set`. Fixes
  [#24556](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24556).
- When
  [`experimentalRunAllSpecs=true`](guides/references/experiments#End-to-End-Testing),
  the "Run N specs" directory-level buttons in the Inline Specs List now
  function correctly when activated by the keyboard. Fixes
  [#24762](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24762).

> - Fixed unexpected behaviors when verifying a cookie was not returned from not
>   returned from [`cy.getCookie()`](/api/commands/getcookie). Now it's possible

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Fixed unexpected behaviors when verifying a cookie was not returned from
   [`cy.getCookie()`](/api/commands/getcookie). Now it's possible
```

  to explicitly assert the cookie did not exist with
  `cy.getCookie('foo1').should('not.exist')`. Previously users had to verify
  cookies properties did not exist with `.its('value').should('equal', null)`.
  Addressed in [#24203](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24203).
- Fixed the console output returned from clicking on an aliased intercept in the
  Command Log. It now logs the yielded request/response object associated to the
  intercepted call when clicked, where previously it did not log these details.
  Fixed in [#24623](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24623).
- Added missing Typescript types for the internal
  [`cy.now()`](/guides/guides/debugging#Run-Cypress-command-outside-the-test)

>   command. Fixed in [#24697](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/24697).

Reviewer 4: Seems odd to put changes to an internal command in the changelog.

Author: I'm totally fine taking this out. I wasn't too sure if we should add or not.
